Meet grandpa
If he says anything outrageous
Don't take it personally.
After all, he is the elder.
Wife Su Family
You and your daughter have been like this for so many years
Why didn't you cut off contact with them?
I always have to support my family, although the Su family despises me
But my last name is Su
And I'm still working at the Su Group
They will still pay the salary that should be paid.
Grandpa
This is a gift that Xiao Chen specially prepared for you.
Grandpa is late
Didn't you see me busy here?
Let's do it.
Everyone
I heard you just got back last night.
He beat me at home and gave my sister-in-law dog food
It's time to hit the master
Don't listen to him
Look at Su Xiaocao's yellow face and thin muscles
Resentment towards our Su family
So
And he hit me.
yellow-faced and thin
That's Su Xiaocao's picky eater and can't blame others
No princess life
I have princess disease
Xiao Chen
This kind of thing
You should discipline your own daughter well
Instead of bullying my servants of the Su family
Do you think my father doesn't exist?
Grandpa Xiao Chuan already knew he was wrong
This kind of thing
I want to see it a second time.